at least one Palestinian has been killed
during overnight raids in the occupied
West Bank City of Janine there were
incursions in cilia and near occupied
East Jerusalem armored vehicles were
accompanied by bulldozers which
destroyed infrastructure in Janine
nearly 400 Palestinians have been killed
in the occupied West Bank since Israel
increased raids in October and a group
of Israeli settlers has attacked
Palestinians south of the city of nais
in the occupied West Bank at least two
Palestinians were injured when set has
opened fire in the village of AA
Witnesses say the attackers also set at
least one home on fire let's go to our
correspondent Rory Chalin who has been
monitoring uh all of this activity for
us from occupied East Jerusalem and a
night of Violence by both Israeli Army
and settlers in the occupied territories
Rory yeah the West Bank continues to to
simmer with unrest and violence and
we've seen more of that overnight the
most significant of these incidents was
taking place in Janine where the Israeli
Army went into the city uh and operated
there for between uh five and six hours
now there were clashes uh between the
Israeli Army and armed groups in the
area there are many armed groups in in
Janine uh which is one of the reasons
why the Israeli Army focuses often on
that place there
representatives of the Armed factions of
Hamas and and fata and Islamic Jihad as
well so often the Israeli army goes in
uh with the intention of making arrests
or destroying infrastructure uh or
sometimes it goes in with the explicit
intention uh to kill as well we
understand there have been clashes
elsewhere uh in cilia too uh and Nablus
and the one Palestinian young man a
19-year-old uh has been orted to have
died after he was injured uh I think he
was shot and then the Israeli Army
blocked access to the medical Crews and
and he bled to death so that's what's
been going on in in that part of the
West Bank but then
we yeah yes Rory I was going to ask you
we're also hearing reports that the
heads of Israeli intelligence and
Security will be traveling to Egypt soon
for talks on the release of captives in
Gaza in exch for Palestinians in Israeli
jails what are you hearing about
that yeah so the US Administration Joe
Biden's White House really really really
wants a deal uh and it is been pushing
Israel to come back to the negotiating
table that is after the uh Israeli
rejection of a Hamas proposal that was
based on an agreement or frame work that
was drawn up between the intelligence
Chiefs of the United States and Israel
and Egypt with input from the ceries as
well in Paris that deal fell apart uh
fairly quickly as soon as it hit the
reality of Hamas and Israeli uh politics
but the United States are trying to get
everyone back around the table again to
work over this uh for another time so
there had been a lot of doubt about
whether Israel was even going to send a
delegation to Cairo but we have heard
from both haret newspaper and uh
Jerusalem Post not officially announced
but they have been speaking to unnamed
Israeli officials who say that the head
of Mossad that's the external uh
intelligence and Security Agency and the
head of shinette that's the internal
security and intelligence agency along
with army officials are going to be
going to Cairo and they will there be
talking with Bill Burns the head of the
CIA and the C prime minister
the head of the Israeli intelligence as
well so of course the the main issue
there the big Gulf that they have to try
and Bridge again is this impa between
the Hamas position and the Israeli
position Hamas wants to exchange
prisoners and captives for an end to the
war and Israel says that the war has to
go on until Hamas is destroyed yeah
interesting that these talks are very
much still taking place behind the
scenes Roy thank you very much for that
Roy challeng with the latest live and
occupied East Jerusalem